# Template p5 project

Artist's Statement

Longing is a program about the hardships of unreciprocated love, it tells a story about a woman reading letters from her former partner who hurt her due to miscommunication and ultimately unreciprocated feelings. It is a story about longing for someone but finally realization hits you in the face out of nowhere and you recognize that you deserve better and there is no need to chase the right person. This story is told by the user going through different levels and getting notes after each level. The first level is about chasing after this unknown creature which symbolizes this feeling of trying to chase after someone that does not reciprocate the same feelings as someone else. In the second level, the main character is supposed to let the flowers die to symbolize letting these feelings go and moving forward. The third level has a lot of strangers passing by and the main character needs to eat the food that is mixed in with the strangers, this symbolizes that sometimes the world puts many obstacles in front of someone to make them realize that if something is too hard to achieve maybe it is not as worth it as you think. In the last level, that is when realization chases after the character, this is supposed to symbolize how at one point after chasing someone, realization hits and you realize that you deserve someone who will love you like you love them. I want the user experience to be understandable, I want the user to be able to pick up quickly on what has to be done to get to the next level, I wanted to add pointers and guidelines but I feel like that would make it too easy. Thus, I am hoping that my program is easy enough to understand, but still be full to navigate. I feel like I accomplished all the levels the way I wanted them to be, and everything feels understandable enough for any user to play it swiftly. For the technical aspect I feel like all the different movements of each character give the game its complexity, if it is not a change in controls, or players chasing or running away, it is a crowd of moving objects blocking the bath. It is not very complex code but for a beginner I feel satisfied with what I was able to produce with the help of my professor and TA. Artistically, I enjoyed changing the shapes and colours to give things more complexity and meaning, such as the change in flower colour by the end to express this sense of giving up. As well as the similar coloured strangers to the food which made the food harder to find through it all. I wanted to make my program simple enough for me to understand but I really wanted to create a real story through all those shapes and colours.

